README.md, before:

# BudgetBuddy

This is a project template for a greenfield Java project. It's named after the Java mascot _Duke_. Given below are instructions on how to use it.

## Setting up in Intellij

Prerequisites: JDK 11 (use the exact version), update Intellij to the most recent version.

1. **Ensure Intellij JDK 11 is defined as an SDK**, as described [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/sdk.html#set-up-jdk) -- this step is not needed if you have used JDK 11 in a previous Intellij project.
1. **Import the project _as a Gradle project_**, as described [here](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/intellijImportGradleProject.html).
1. **Verify the set up**: After the importing is complete, locate the `src/main/java/seedu/duke/Duke.java` file, right-click it, and choose `Run Duke.main()`. If the setup is correct, you should see something like the below:
   ```
   > Task :compileJava
   > Task :processResources NO-SOURCE
   > Task :classes
   
   > Task :Duke.main()
   Hello from
    ____        _        
   |  _ \ _   _| | _____ 
   | | | | | | | |/ / _ \
   | |_| | |_| |   <  __/
   |____/ \__,_|_|\_\___|
   
   What is your name?
   ```
   Type some word and press enter to let the execution proceed to the end.

## Build automation using Gradle

* This project uses Gradle for build automation and dependency management. It includes a basic build script as well (i.e. the `build.gradle` file).
* If you are new to Gradle, refer to the [Gradle Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/gradle.html).

## Testing

### I/O redirection tests

* To run _I/O redirection_ tests (aka _Text UI tests_), navigate to the `text-ui-test` and run the `runtest(.bat/.sh)` script.

### JUnit tests

* A skeleton JUnit test (`src/test/java/seedu/duke/DukeTest.java`) is provided with this project template. 
* If you are new to JUnit, refer to the [JUnit Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/junit.html).

## Checkstyle

* A sample CheckStyle rule configuration is provided in this project.
* If you are new to Checkstyle, refer to the [Checkstyle Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/checkstyle.html).

## CI using GitHub Actions

The project uses [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions) for CI. When you push a commit to this repo or PR against it, GitHub actions will run automatically to build and verify the code as updated by the commit/PR.

## Documentation

`/docs` folder contains a skeleton version of the project documentation.

Steps for publishing documentation to the public: 
1. If you are using this project template for an individual project, go your fork on GitHub.<br>
   If you are using this project template for a team project, go to the team fork on GitHub.
1. Click on the `settings` tab.
1. Scroll down to the `GitHub Pages` section.
1. Set the `source` as `master branch /docs folder`.
1. Optionally, use the `choose a theme` button to choose a theme for your documentation.

Commit message:

Update ReadMe to provided description and useful links

README.md, after:

# BudgetBuddy
BudgetBuddy is a product for users who wish to handle and track any current/future expenses on a singular platform.
BudgetBuddy provides a faster and more efficient way to track and calculate expenses and provides the ability
to deal with finances on a singular platform with ease as long as you can type fast.


## Useful Links

Useful links:
* [User Guide](docs/UserGuide.md)
* [Developer Guide](docs/DeveloperGuide.md)
* [About Us](docs/AboutUs.md)

## Build automation using Gradle

* This project uses Gradle for build automation and dependency management. It includes a basic build script as well (i.e. the `build.gradle` file).
* If you are new to Gradle, refer to the [Gradle Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/gradle.html).

## Testing

### I/O redirection tests

* To run _I/O redirection_ tests (aka _Text UI tests_), navigate to the `text-ui-test` and run the `runtest(.bat/.sh)` script.

### JUnit tests

* A skeleton JUnit test (`src/test/java/seedu/duke/DukeTest.java`) is provided with this project template. 
* If you are new to JUnit, refer to the [JUnit Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/junit.html).

## Checkstyle

* A sample CheckStyle rule configuration is provided in this project.
* If you are new to Checkstyle, refer to the [Checkstyle Tutorial at se-education.org/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/checkstyle.html).

## CI using GitHub Actions

The project uses [GitHub actions](https://github.com/features/actions) for CI. When you push a commit to this repo or PR against it, GitHub actions will run automatically to build and verify the code as updated by the commit/PR.

## Documentation

`/docs` folder contains a skeleton version of the project documentation.

Steps for publishing documentation to the public: 
1. If you are using this project template for an individual project, go your fork on GitHub.<br>
   If you are using this project template for a team project, go to the team fork on GitHub.
1. Click on the `settings` tab.
1. Scroll down to the `GitHub Pages` section.
1. Set the `source` as `master branch /docs folder`.
1. Optionally, use the `choose a theme` button to choose a theme for your documentation.
